Provide overview about project components (#121)
paritytech/parity-bridges-common: README.md

This is a collection of components for building bridges.

These components include runtime modules to help you construct your bridge's runtime, as well as
bridge relays for cross-chain communication.

> A bridge node is also available. The runtime used for this node has support for bridging Ethereum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bridge node is also available. The node can be used to run a test network which has support for bridging Ethereum
```

PoA chains to Substrate. We're working on expanding this functionality in the future.

🚧 The bridges are currently under construction - a hardhat is recommended beyond this point 🚧

## Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Layout](#project-layout)
- [Bridge Node Runtime](#bridge-node-runtime)
- [Ethereum Node](#ethereum-node)
- [Bridge Relay](#bridge-relay)
- [Running the Bridge](#running-the-bridge)

## Installation
To get up and running you need both stable and nightly Rust. Rust nightly is used to build the Web
Assembly (WASM) runtime for the node. You can configure the WASM support as so:

```
rustup install nightly

> rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly

Reviewer: I'd add a link to substrate readme (building part) for more details.

which has been submitted by a bridge relayer. This includes:

  - Ethereum headers and their status (e.g are they the best header, are they finalized, etc.)
  - Current validator set, and upcoming validator sets

This runtime module has more responsibilties than simply storing headers and validator sets. It is
able to perform checks on the incoming headers to verify their general integrity, as well as whether
or not they've been finalized by the authorities on the PoA chain.

This module is laid out as so:

```
├── ethereum
│  └── src
│     ├── error.rs        // Runtime error handling
│     ├── finality.rs     // Manage finality operations
│     ├── import.rs       // Import new Ethereum headers
│     ├── lib.rs          // Store headers and validator set info
│     ├── validators.rs   // Track current and future PoA validator sets
│     └── verification.rs // Verify validity of incoming Ethereum headers
```

### Currency Exchange Runtime Module
The currency exchange module is used to faciliate cross-chain funds transfers. It works by accepting
a transaction which proves that funds were locked on one chain, and releases a corresponding amount

> of funds on the recieving chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of funds on the recieving chain.
This module is one example of how the header-chain can be used to prove a particular action has been taken on the foreign chain. It enables transfers of native token of the foreign chain, but more sophisticated modules (ERC20 token transfers or arbitrary message transfers) are being worked on as well.
```
